# studio4-chatbot-project

Meeting minutes 02/05/2023

Status update:
Clyde: Created repository in github 
       Invited team members to join the project
       Reserched some of the git tools and watched youtube video to get a general idea 
       shared the previous pet food store project    
Balaram:
       Created github account and connected to project.
       Research on project we are going to do.
       Installed Visual Studio code. 


Junqi:
       Joined the project.
       Basic understanding of ci and cd.
       Done the define of scope.
       explore the world.



Pubudu:
   joined to the github repository 
   Fellow the links that mentioned about the CI/CD
   Recap the things I leraned in inductory application development 
    Installed Visual Studio code. 
    


       
       Road broker: NO
       Highlights: NA

Action List:
1 Keep exploring github and get unstanding of the CI CD concpet           (In progress)
2 review the initial pet food store project and fix the bugs       (Needs review)
3 Asking Chatgpt itself to get the answer how to connect the API to make a chatbot 
  How to integrate it as the role of coustomer service with pet food store project      (Planned)
4 Define the scope and backlog and assigning the backlogto the team     (In progress)
      

Achieved:
        Created Github account.
        Settle down the roles of each team member.
        Published the define of scope.
        Created the repository for the project in Github, Successfully invited team members to join.
        Learned how to use github to add a file to share the progress and create repository.





04/05/2023   Meeting update


Clyde: Downloaded the visual studio code, Laragon,Laravel for using PHP to program our project
       Pushed the message to Github test file using visual studio code directly
       Keep exploring the Github CI CD, Shared the tutorial on Teams
       Manage the intial project,fixing the bugs.
       
       
       
B:Done a research on how to pull and push from github and demonstrated to team.
  Learned how to push and pull only or first pull then merge and at last push to git hub.
  I also Learned how to merge the code and fix conflict.

q: Downloaded the visual studio code,downloand the Gitlens(explore a variety of functions gradually)，
   Git history(check the file history)
   
   done the scope for project :
  1 Index page:It is used to visit the main page of the website, introduce the content and functions of the website, 
                    as well as the latest activities and special offers and other information.
                    The most important thing is to have a chatbot in this interface.

  2 Product classification: used to access different types of pet food products, which can be classified according to pet type, brand, composition, etc., 
                            so that users can quickly browse the required products.

  3 Shopping cart: It is used to manage the products that the user has purchased. You can check the quantity of the products, modify the type and quantity of the products,
                   check out the shopping cart and other functions.

  4 Log in page: used to manage users' personal information, 
                 including account settings, order inquiries, historical purchase records and other functions.

Y:
       
       
Achieved:
Agreed with using visual code code to commit the work
Push the test file to Github through visual studio code
Explored the source control functions on Github
Understood the tools for implement PHP project 


Upcoming to do list 
Find the resources or tutorial about how to make a chatbot through ChatGPT API 
Talk about what should the chatbot looks like, make the UI design based on the initial project.
Intergration with Github, Rollback changes to the pervious commit.
Fixing the bugs make the initial project more pretty and combinative.
Keep exploring Githun, Understand CI CD and other functions.


9/05/2023 Stand up:
Balaram:
       Find the resources or tutorial about how to make a chatbot through ChatGPT API                    -YES
       Talk about what should the chatbot looks like, make the UI design based on the initial project.
       Intergration with Github, Rollback changes to the pervious commit.                                -YES
       Fixing the bugs make the initial project more pretty and combinative.
       Keep exploring Github, Understand CI CD and other functions.                                      -YES 
       *Visulstudio functionalities: AI extention, extention for changing color in code, auto display    -Extra

 Help:
       1. xhs error while installing extension.

Clyde:
       Find the resources or tutorial about how to make a chatbot through ChatGPT API                    -YES
       Catch up with what Balaram demonstrated: GitHub clone, pull, push                                 -YES
       *Demonstrate how to run the petFoodStore project: run time environment, deployment, execute       -YES
       How to use GitHub Issue to track the project                                                      -YES
       Talk about what should the chatbot looks like, make the UI design based on the initial project.   
       Intergration with Github, Rollback changes to the pervious commit.                                
       Fixing the bugs make the initial project more pretty and combinative.
       Keep exploring Github, Understand CI CD and other functions.                                       -YES
       
  Help:
       NA

Pubudu:
       Tried to fix the existing bug in the petFoodStore website code                                    -YES
              -- Solution to the fix is ready
              -- Expecting the fix to be done by 16/05/2023
       Recap what have been done during the petFoodStore project                                         -YES
       
       Find the resources or tutorial about how to make a chatbot through ChatGPT API 
       Talk about what should the chatbot looks like, make the UI design based on the initial project.
       Intergration with Github, Rollback changes to the pervious commit.
       Fixing the bugs make the initial project more pretty and combinative.
       Keep exploring Github, Understand CI CD and other functions.                                      -YES
       
  Help:
       NA
       
Junqi:
       Find the resources or tutorial about how to make a chatbot through ChatGPT API 
       Talk about what should the chatbot looks like, make the UI design based on the initial project.
       Intergration with Github, Rollback changes to the pervious commit.                                -YES
       Fixing the bugs make the initial project more pretty and combinative.
       Keep exploring Github, Understand CI CD and other functions.
       Re-write project definition and the scope                                                         -YES
       Continue exporing GitHub Actions, have got sample action working                                  -YES

  Help:
       NA





09/05/2023  Meeting update

 

Achieved:
* Setted up runtime environment
Laragon running and working perfectly
Each person downloaded the source code 
Created instructions on how to set up our pet food store project step by step, linked below.
***https://github.com/ClydeLiu1/studio4-chatbot-project/blob/dbc87f87d95e06ac9e3766347b3a82610f0b89fa/pet-food-store%20instraction%20(1).docx
Setted up SQL database 





Actions list:
Learn test automation by using PHP unit test 
Create chatGPT developer account and watch the tutorial on how to connect the chatGPT api
Define the chabot, come up with an idea for ui design.
Call chatgpt API and test it.
Get to know the Tools to test, for example Postman is one of the api testing tools.





Clyde: Created chatGPT developer account
Resubmitted the instruction of setting the pet food store deployment guide.
Watch the tutorials about how to make chatbot by using chatgpt api


      Can we use PHP to make chatbot? ---(Concern)
     Help:
     N/A
     
Junqi:Created chatGpt developer account,applying the api keys.
      Research the PHP unittest.
      
      How to connect our project with chatGpt api?
      Help:
      N/A
  
 Pubudu:Create the interface for the chatbot.
        I did some research on how to connect the api with ChatGPT.
        
        Help:
             N/A
             
 Balaram: I have created chatgpt developer account.
          I have done research on how use and create API key.
          I have downloaded Laragon and setup database for petshop.
          I also rollback to previous commit from another PC.
          
          Help:
          N/A
          
          
         
         
         
 11/05/2023   Meeting update 
 
 Achieved:
          ***Confirmed to call Chatgpt by using PHP.
          We are able to get help from chatgpt to share the sample code for chatgpt.
          Get to know the testing tool of Postman.
          Get the API key from Chatgpt scusccefully. 
          Settled down the UI design for chatbot with general idea.
          Finished the demo of chatbot interface by Pubudu.
          
 Action List:
          Make sample code provided by asking Chatgpt.
          Explore the OpenAI model and prompts.
          improve chatbot UI, learn how to train chatgpt to make specific mock dialog.
          Each person needs to create separate branches at Github.
          
 16/05/2023   Meeting update
 
 Clyde:  I created the branch and added a test file in it.
         I asked Chatgpt how to make chatbot using php.
         
 Balaram: I have created separate branches at github.
          I have done research on OpenaAI model and prompts.
          I tried to create sample chatbot asking chatgpt but i was unable to fix OpenAI\Api.
          Help:
          I need to install openai API.
 Junqi:   Creaded the personal branches at github.
          Tried to connect to the API in various ways by asking chatgpt, it still doesn't work.
          Understand the use of chatgpt.
 Pubudu: I did some research on improve my UI design discuss with the Cylde.
         I create the branche(pubuduChatbot).
         I have done research on OpenaAI model and prompts.
          
  Help: I couldn't upload my project from visula studio code( I can upload from normal browser ).
                   
 
 
 (From 16/05/2023 studio4 4th week, we are going to upload the individual update in each team members own branch)
 
  Achieved: Created branches for each team member.
            Learned how to switch different branches in visual studio code.
            Got the chatgpt API key from ChatGPT offical website.
         ***Simple dialog box with ChatGPT API Done,Everyone got access. 
            Fixed the error by asking ChatGPT itself.
            
  Actions list:
            Incorporate sample dialog box code into pet-food-store project
            Keep exploring the ChatGPT api dialog box, improve it and combine it with our chatbot interface.
            Discuss how to improve it and UI design.
            Ask ChatGPT how to train the chatbot for specific topic conversation..
            
##### !!!  Anyone please feel free to add anything about ideas

(From 18/05/2023 studio4 4th week, we are going to upload the individual update in each team members own branch)
 
  Achieved: About security concern
              1.We disscussed detailed information about high risk API key.
              2.We have figured high risk of database in term of security while deploying in another PC.
              3.We also found customer login data is not secured specially login ID password.
            Everyone used their own branch to update.
            Got some ideas and sample design of chatbot. 
            Fixed the occuring error of database while deploying our project to new system .
            
  Actions list:
              We need to work on creating secured login for database.
              We also need to explore and improve customer login data to make it secured.
              We need to work on mockup chatbot responsive according to question in the existing project.
              Try to design and explore about using logo for chatbot.
              We need to update our database attributes name for security.
             
##### !!!  Anyone please feel free to add anything about ideas

23/05/2023   Updated action list and meeting 
       Achieved: We have discussed about topic we need to focus.
                 We learn about communication misunderstanding between team members. 
                 we created secured login for database.
                 We got mockup chatbot in existing project.
                 
       
       Action List: Continue integration of chatbot in the project to get real response.
                    Merge the code of chatbot to master. 
                      1. Create pull request.
                      2. Getting review.
                      3. Close the request.
                      4. Merging the pull requests.
                     Explore Actions in github.
                     Everyone pull request from master.

27/05/2023   Updated action list and meeting 
       Achieved: We have sucessfully demonstrated working chatbot with openai.
                  1. In this chatbot customer can ask any question.
                  2. And chatbot respond according to asked question. 
                 We have submitted our working chatbot to master.
                  1. We tried to merge our pull request but due to lack of naming consistency we couldn't upload.
                  2. We tried another way to upload by updating and adding all the changes to the master folder files.
                  3. We have launched new feature branch with chatbot.
              
       Action List: Create workflow to deploy the project to local machine.
                     1. Action
                     2. Job
                     3. Runner
                    Create branch based on released chatbot 1.1.
                    Maintain and improve chatbot for the context of history.
                     1. Improve to store chat history.
                     2. Improve to stick with asked question. 
                    Create independent chatbot page.
                    Improve the UI for chatbot.
                     1. Make it responsive.
                     2. Use or design chatbot logo. 
                    Create and complete you pull request.
                    Clear all the file and folder of project.
                     1. Delete unused folder inside folder.
                     2. Rename file name.
                     3. Delete dublicate files.
                     4. Put files in a correct folder.




